::Tarento | CO-CREATING A BETTER TOMORROW:: CO-CREATING A BETTER TOMORROW In a fast paced world, you need an IT Services partner with a proven track record in providing Enterprise, Digital, Data and AI services and solutions. As a Nordic-Indo IT Services company, Tarento has been working with aspiring business leaders for more than a decade. We have closely partnered with our customers and helped them make the right technology choices and implement the most optimal IT systems. Each day, we live with the mantra of Technical Excellence, Customer Success and Agility. NEWS & EVENTS New Delhi AI Impact Summit 2026: Transforming Civil Service Learning with AI and Mission Karmayogi The AI Impact Summit 2026 highlighted AI-powered innovations, including the AI Classroom and advanced tools, transforming how India’s civil servants learn, plan, and deliver public services, in line with Mission Karmayogi’s modernization goals. LATEST Bengaluru, India. TRON Agentic AI Hackathon: Turning Ideas into Production-Ready Solutions Indore, India Tarento Expands Its India Footprint with a New Delivery Center in Indore View all news ❯ LIFE AT TARENTO Life at Tarento is a good balance of fun & work-Open work culture, team work & flat hierarchy define us. We believe in excellence & strive towards excellence in everything we do! Explore now ❯ ABOUT TARENTO The planet of knowledge, familiar to all Starwars fans. In Japanese, Tarento means Talent. At Tarento, we take pride in our open and flexible work culture, that promotes ownership, encourages learning and rewards risk taking. Read more ❯ OFFERINGS Mobile to machine learning. Design to Devops. Offerings that are designed to support Startups to Enterprises. View all ❯ CASE STUDIES Accelerating Adoption of Sustainable Lifestyle Practices through Digital Transformation With our pivotal LEAD Sprint, a multi-phase exercise which brings Lean & Design Thinking together in an Agile framework, learn how Tarento digitalized SustainChange's approach and built a platform to assist their users and customers (business) in embracing sustainable lifestyle practices. Anuvaad: Domain-Specific Translation Engine for the Supreme Court of India The Indian Constitution lists 22 official languages with 6,000-plus dialects and 55-plus languages with 1 million-plus speakers. Built to bridge the gap of translation and policy action, Project Anuvaad acts as an accelerator for knowledge translation. Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing Solutions for an Australian Engineering Conglomerate Riding on our vast experience across Business Intelligence and Data Analytics solutions, expertise on SAP & Microsoft enterprise stacks & a structured approach to the engagement, know how we supported the customer with their existing data warehousing landscape & implemented new dashboards & reports. VIEW CASE STUDIES PORTFOLIO VIEW PORTFOLIO Becoming Digital - Applying technologies in the right context The technologies that make the world more digital are important. But technology skills are not enough. We thrive in combining our technology capabilities with business acumen. True magic happens when technologies are applied in right contexts. KNOW MORE Certifications & Partnerships Testimonials ❮ ❯ ❮ “Working with Tarento is fantastic! The team is technically competent and highly professional. The team understands the business needs and delivers beyond expectations most of the time. The team is flexible during critical situations, providing more people and stretching their working hours if required. They provide digital services for both long and short terms, making them one of the preferred partners. I highly recommend Tarento to all those who are looking for software services and a long-term software partner.” Santhosh Venkatesh Delivery Manager, Xylem Inc “For some time now we have wanted to migrate our SharePoint 2013 environment to SharePoint Online. But the thought of time and effort it would take was really overwhelming. Tarento analysed our environment precisely, estimated efforts and changes needed for the migration to help us move and rewrite solutions to the cloud in record time. We definitely recommend Tarento´s services. They are highly committed professionals. They have the right focus on delivering quality service and finding solutions to problems in timely manner. Very honest and trustworthy and are extremely solution and service oriented. They are always willing to go above and beyond." Sigurást Heiða Sigurðardóttir Product Owner/Records Manager, Íslandsbanki “As a global medical device company operating in all time zones, we are really dependent on fast and accurate support. Tarento has been the perfect partner for us during our growth journey over the last few years. They have a great mix of high competence in different areas, and the combination of offshore with a Nordic mindset is unbeatable." Göran Jönsson Head of ERP Atos, Global IT “Tarento has been vital for us to successfully implement our technology roadmap. They have provided a broad range of services yielding high-quality results, from web page development to ERP implementation and strategic advisory. Being a small player scaling from a startup perspective, we are thrilled at how they have treated us as a very important customer." Kjetil Langsæter CEO, EV Services Powered by Frydenbø “We had a project of considerable size that we would have struggled to deliver without our partner, Tarento. Tarento showed themselves as the real experts in the area. They have done quick deliveries of complex scenarios and helped us go through highly important periods without any downtime, keeping clear and good communication with all the stakeholders. Additionally, Tarento is flexible and technology agnostic with a real passion to help. It has been and it still is a pleasure to work with Tarento." Mirko Adamovic ITDS Integration Lead, Elkjøp Nordic ❯ We use cookies to enhance the experience on our website. To know more please read our Privacy Policy I agree